# Sereno

## Summary

- Stable coin.
- Always pegged to 1 yen ≈ 1sereno.
- Get prices using Chainlink.
  1. use Chainlink to get the price in yen/dollar (JPY/USD).
  2. use Chainlink with other tokens to obtain <token>/USD.
  - 3. determine sereno tokens to be issued based on the above two values.
- When using Chainlink, use LayerZero to access contracts on other chains

## Why LayerZero?

- Why use LayerZero when ChainLink also has a cross-chain messaging protocol, CCIP?
- The answer is that LayerZero supports more chains.
- It is preferable to use LayerZero as it aims to be able to exchange with more tokens.

## Issues.

### Will the ability to exchange it for any token lead to a price collapse?
- If it can be exchanged for meme coins or grass coins, it will certainly lose its value as a stable coin.
- Therefore, it can only be exchanged for tokens whose value is deemed to be sufficiently preserved by the management.
- Also, in the case of meme coins and grass coins, it may not be possible to exchange them in the first place as price data cannot be obtained from Chainlink.

### Does the operator decide everything?

- As a stablecoin, the management will decide on core aspects such as the tokens that can be exchanged in the initial stages.
- We are also looking at decentralising the decision later on, for example by a community vote.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)

## Update.
- Operate the deposited tokens and retain the profits generated by the operation as the operation's share or insurance money.
- Diversify dependencies as they are dependent on ChainLink.
